Small addition to the **installation** doc (#3)
ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_workshop: docs/1_installation.md

The instructions for installation are available in our documentation, [accessible here.](https://scilifelabdatacentre.github.io/dds_cli/#install-the-command-line-interface-cli-dds-cli)

> They differ slightly depending on your operating system, so follow the section you need (MacOS, Windows or Linux distributions). Once installed, verify it by running:

Author: Maybe I should change this to say Ubuntu instead of Linux dists?

Reviewer: Is it more general to say Linux. I guess if they use Ubuntu, they know enough to know this

Reviewer 2: I guess in terms of what we aim to support (and have tested): is it all standard Linux distributions or are we more targeting Ubuntu and if people get it to work on other things good for them?

Author: > Is it more general to say Linux. I guess if they use Ubuntu, they know enough to know this

True.

> I guess in terms of what we aim to support (and have tested): is it all standard Linux distributions or are we more targeting Ubuntu and if people get it to work on other things good for them?

I **think** it should work on more dists than Ubuntu when installing via PyPI, but I'm not 100% sure. Regarding the executables, it's only Ubuntu.

> They differ slightly depending on your operating system, so follow the section you need (MacOS, Windows or Linux distributions). Once installed, verify it by running:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
They differ slightly depending on your operating system, so follow the section you need (MacOS, Windows or Linux). Once installed, verify it by running:
```

~~~
    dds --version
~~~

![enter image description here](https://scilifelabdatacentre.github.io/dds_cli/_images/dds-version.svg)

## Using the Test instance of DDS

> In order to test the DDS functionality, you need to tell the client to use the correct URL.

Reviewer 3: I would prefer something like
```suggestion
For today's hands on session you will be using the testing instance on DDS, instead of the the production one. In order to do this, you need to tell the client to use the correct URL.
```

Author: > I would prefer something like

Agreed.
